I just told you.
My dad let your dad die yesterday
But you don't believe it yourself
No way! You're just a dead man!
You shut up
Big brother big brother
Hong Daying
I should have known your daughter looked like this
I shouldn't have let you go yesterday, bro
Brother, I was wrong, brother, I was wrong.
I gave you a chance
But your daughter doesn't cherish you and Zhu Yun either.
I'll leave it to you.
It's big brother big brother
Brother, you can't do this.
Brother Zhenzhen, this matter has nothing to do with me
It was all planned by Huang Handan
I beg you please let me go
I've let you go once before
Yes, you dare to beg for mercy
drag it down
Then I'll press them to go to Master Tiger first
Come back later to celebrate Miss Zhenzhen
Thank you, sister.
Uh, by the way, what about my little mother?
Why didn't he come?
He Zhang Zhenzhen
Who do you call little mom?